landing-page/README.md, before:

# Landing Page

### Description

- HTML + CSS project (using flexbox).

### Screenshots

![Landing Page - Screenshot 1](./assets/screenshots/landing-page-1.png)
![Landing Page - Screenshot 2](./assets/screenshots/landing-page-2.png)

### Attributions

- <a href="https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-person-woman-hand-6894013/" title="mikhail-nilov-photo">Header Photo by Mikhail Nilov</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/kangaroo" title="kangaroo icons">Kangaroo icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/lesson" title="lesson icons">Lesson icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/list" title="list icons">List icons created by phatplus - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/project" title="project icons">Project icons created by Iconjam - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/career-option" title="career option icons">Career option icons created by Uniconlabs - Flaticon</a>

Commit message:

docs(landing-page): update README.md

landing-page/README.md, after:

# Landing Page

### Description

- HTML + CSS project (using flexbox).
- It's a landing page for a fictional online programming courses platform called Kangaroo.
- It was initially implemented as a template for a generic landing page, which can be found in `/landing-page/template-version/`.

### Screenshots

![Landing Page - Screenshot 1](./assets/screenshots/landing-page-1.png)
![Landing Page - Screenshot 2](./assets/screenshots/landing-page-2.png)

### Attributions

- <a href="https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-person-woman-hand-6894013/" title="mikhail-nilov-photo">Header Photo by Mikhail Nilov</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/kangaroo" title="kangaroo icons">Kangaroo icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/lesson" title="lesson icons">Lesson icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/list" title="list icons">List icons created by phatplus - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/project" title="project icons">Project icons created by Iconjam - Flaticon</a>
- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/career-option" title="career option icons">Career option icons created by Uniconlabs - Flaticon</a>
